# One Beyond Open Source Admins Meeting 2023-01-10  

## Links
* **recording:** Available in [sharepoint](https://dcslsoftwareltd.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/Architecture-team/EWqdJHkAOS1Bm2dJb-IhxhoBnw5g6j1EW6aVZWMIBrnqMg?e=K0GFaW). Please contact Ulises/Iñigo if you don’t have access
* **Github issue:** #18 
* **Minutes Google Doc:** 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UznnVv0jCL7NMcjjqvfcfrOeuKlF-_i1j9B5HSw7Wl8/edit?usp=sharing

## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesgascon
* Íñigo Marquínez Prado: @inigomarquinez
* Javier Leal: @jgleal
* Carlos Jiménez: @Betisman
* César Demicheli: @CesarD

## Announcements

N/A

## Agenda


### Define Org teams in Github #5
- Documentation done in https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/blob/main/how-to/manage-teams.md

### Define migration strategy and start the process #6
- Migration from Guidemiths org is completed.
- The issue reminds open as Ulises will provide support to Peter Z. and Peter N in January

### Define contribution policies #4
- We made good progress on researching for great project templates
- We will continue working to get a separate slack for open source (lead by Iñigo)


### Document the teams #12
- Done

### Adding Metrics as organization #14
- Matteo agreed that is an important value for the org
- We can try to achieve basic metrics this year. We can use as a reference the [CHAOSS project](https://chaoss.community/)

## Q&A, Other
- Initiatives for 2023 (brainstorming started)
  - At least basic Metrics
  - Migrating the repos to the new org in NPM
  - Define a criteria to prioritize the efforts based on the relevance of the project
  - Upgrade dependencies in the projects
  - Create an standarize CI for the projects
  - Use [dependencytrack](https://dependencytrack.org/) to centralize and alert about the dependencies
  - Contribution policy that include slack
  - Slack notifications
  - Strategic decisions on making the open source projects more accessible to historical maintainers (Felipe, Steve, Kevin..)
- [Prototype Pollution in JSON5 via Parse Method](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-9c47-m6qq-7p4h)
  - Ulises to check if we need to patch the repos and coordinate the patching


## Upcoming Meetings
- Add a reminder to the slack channels about this meeting (Ulises lead)
